Lindalu fix table for accessibility (#1302)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/manifest/requirements.md

## Contained in

> [OfficeApp](officeapp.md)</br>
> [VersionOverrides](versionoverrides.md)</br>
> [Override](override.md)</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OfficeApp](officeapp.md)

[VersionOverrides](versionoverrides.md)

[Override](override.md)
```

## Can contain

> The Requirements element can contain the following types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Requirements element can contain the following child elements depending on the add-in type.
```
